Update the connector API design (#16)
wso2-ballerina/module-amazons3: API_Design.md

## Overview
The Amazon S3 client allows you to access the Amazon S3 REST API using ballerina. This client has a base client called `AmazonS3Cient` which exposes the commonly used functions such as create, get and delete buckets and objects. And other functions related to buckets and objects will be exposed through sub clients(`AmazonS3BucketClient` and `AmazonS3ObjectClient`) for each other categorization.

## API design for AmazonS3Client functions
### Functions

#### Create bucket

> The createBucket function creates a new bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createBucket` function creates a new bucket.
```

 
##### Function signature
 `public remote function createBucket(string bucketName, CannedACL? cannedACL = ()) returns error?;`

##### Parameters

|     Name               |    Type     |  Description   |
|:------------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|
| bucketName        |   string         |    Unique name for the bucket to create.   |
|cannedACL | CannedACL | The access control list of the new bucket. |

##### Returns
    On failure: error.
        
#### List buckets

> The `listBuckets()` function retrieves a list of all Amazon S3 buckets that the authenticated user of the request owns. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `listBuckets()` function retrieves a list of all Amazon S3 buckets owned by the authenticated user of the request. 
```
